README.md, before:

# Ludum Dare #35

Ludum Dare #35 by
[belen-albeza](https://github.com/belen-albeza).

Initial scaffolding generated with [generator-gamejam](https://github.com/belen-albeza/generator-gamejam/).

## Installation

### Requirements

This games uses [gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) for building and tasks automation.

You can install gulp with npm:

```
npm install -g gulp
```

### Build

Clone this repository and install dependencies:

```
git clone belen-albeza/ldjam-35
cd ldjam-35
npm install
```

To **build** the game, run the `dist` task from the project root:

```
gulp dist
```

The `dist` folder will contain a build of the game. You can then start a local server that serves this directory statically to play the game in local:

```
npm install -g http-server
http-server dist
```

You can **clean up** the temporary files and the `dist` folder by running:

```
gulp clean
```

## Development

This project uses [Browserify](http://browserify.org) to handle JavaScript modules.

There is a task that will automatically run Browserify when a JavaScript file changes, and it will also reload the browser.

```
gulp run
```



You can deploy to your own server via **rsync**. This is done with the `deploy:rsync` task, which will build the project and then copy the `dist` folder to the remote server.

```
gulp deploy:rsync
```

In order for this to work, you need to edit or create a `gulp.config.json` file with the following fields:

```
{
  "deploy": {
    "user": "root",
    "host": "somewhere.com",
    "destination": "/path/to/folder/"
  }
}
```


You can deploy to **Github Pages** with the `deploy:ghpages` task, which will build the project and then push the `dist` folder in the `gh-pages` branch.

```
gulp deploy:ghpages
```

Commit message:

add play mirrors to README

README.md, after:

# Ludum Dare #35

Ludum Dare #35 by
[belen-albeza](https://github.com/belen-albeza).

Initial scaffolding generated with [generator-gamejam](https://github.com/belen-albeza/generator-gamejam/).

## Play online!

You can play online in the following mirrors:

- [belenalbeza.com](http://lab.belenalbeza.com/games/ldjam-35/)
- [Github Pages](https://belen-albeza.github.io/ldjam-35/)
- [itch.io](https://ladybenko.itch.io/sky-panic)

## Installation

### Requirements

This games uses [gulp](http://gulpjs.com/) for building and tasks automation.

You can install gulp with npm:

```
npm install -g gulp
```

### Build

Clone this repository and install dependencies:

```
git clone belen-albeza/ldjam-35
cd ldjam-35
npm install
```

To **build** the game, run the `dist` task from the project root:

```
gulp dist
```

The `dist` folder will contain a build of the game. You can then start a local server that serves this directory statically to play the game in local:

```
npm install -g http-server
http-server dist
```

You can **clean up** the temporary files and the `dist` folder by running:

```
gulp clean
```

## Development

This project uses [Browserify](http://browserify.org) to handle JavaScript modules.

There is a task that will automatically run Browserify when a JavaScript file changes, and it will also reload the browser.

```
gulp run
```



You can deploy to your own server via **rsync**. This is done with the `deploy:rsync` task, which will build the project and then copy the `dist` folder to the remote server.

```
gulp deploy:rsync
```

In order for this to work, you need to edit or create a `gulp.config.json` file with the following fields:

```
{
  "deploy": {
    "user": "root",
    "host": "somewhere.com",
    "destination": "/path/to/folder/"
  }
}
```


You can deploy to **Github Pages** with the `deploy:ghpages` task, which will build the project and then push the `dist` folder in the `gh-pages` branch.

```
gulp deploy:ghpages
```
